In this video I'll demonstrate how to configure private lands in a sphere distributed switch.
So here you can see I'm logged into my vees for web climb and the networking view yet again and I've
gone to my VCP demo distributed switch and configure.
I have the ability to establish private villans.
Now real quick before I do that I'm going to go ahead and add a couple new distributed port groups here
just for the purposes of demo ing this.
So I'm going to create one port group called Shared Services.
This is my fictional port group that every bunny needs to have access to.
And so I'm going to establish this as a port group that everybody can reach.
So that's my shared services port group then I'm going to create another port group.
I'm going to call it tennents so connecting to this port group will be a bunch of different tenants.
And the goal is that these tenants should be able to communicate with the shared services but they should
not be able to communicate with each other.
And then I'm going to create two more port groups that we're going to use to demonstrate community violence.
So create a new distributed group.
This one is going to be called ABC team one.
So just think of this ABC team one group as one in which we are going to connect a bunch of virtual
machines from a company called ABC and they want to be able to communicate with each other but they
should not be able to communicate with any of these other tenants.
And I'm also going to create one last port group I'm going to call it X Y Z team one.
This is a different company.
And again they're going to have multiple virtual machines connecting to this port group that need to
be able to communicate.
But X Y Z is a different company than ABC.
So their machines should not be able to communicate with each other.
So now I've got all of these different groups with all of these different communications requirements.
Right.
Everything and ABC team one should be able to communicate with everything an ABC team want.
Same thing with x y z team won everything in this group should be able to communicate with everything
else in this group.
But the two groups cannot communicate with each other.
However they can communicate with shared services.
So can my tenants.
Tenants cannot communicate directly with each other.
They could be virtual machines on the same port group.
I do not want them to be able to communicate.
The only thing that my tenants should be able to communicate with is shared services and thats at.
So the only way that I can accomplish this is to configure private lands.
So here's what we're going to do.
We're going to go ahead and create a primary villain.
I'm going to call the primary villain 10 and then I'm going to have a secondary villain of ten which
is promiscuous and this is going to be the villain that he use for shared services.
Promiscuous can communicate with anything else I'm going to create two community events so I'm going
to call these community relations 101 and 102 these are my secondary lands sort of like a VPN within
a villain and then I'm going to create a third secondary villain.
This one is going to be an isolated secondary villain all secondary between two and one.
So you'll notice the primary v is the same primary between 10.
That means that any machines connected to ABC team 1 shared services tennents X Y Z team one they're
actually all in VLAN 10 and they can actually all have IP addresses in the same subnet as each other.
It's as if they're all in one VPN.
But within that Lan I am craving certain rules to govern which groups can communicate with which groups
which VM can communicate with which the AMS.
And so now I have created my private view and structure.
Let's start with my shared services
and other properties I'm going to go to Edit
and Valium.
I am now going to choose private land and this is going to be associated with my promiscuous private
Villon meaning anything I'm Villalon 10 whether it's in a community or an isolated it doesn't matter
anything with movieland time can communicate with this particular portrait.
It is promiscuous.
Then I've got my tenants.
These are reports that a bunch of different clients are going to connect to.
And so I've got all of these different clients creating virtual machines that are going to connect to
this group.
I want to make sure that those different clients cannot communicate directly with one another.
So I'm going to make this an isolated secondary Villon that means that I can have 100 virtual machines
hooked up to this Tennent's port group.
None of them can talk to each other.
The only thing that they can communicate with is promiscuous which is shared services.
And then we've got ABC team one again I'm going to edit this.
We're going to go to the villans settings and I'm going to associate this with a community violation
a little bit different than my isolated Villon because in a community private VLAN that means that any
machines connected to this poor group can communicate with each other.
Unlike tenants they could not communicate with each other in the secondary Villon they can.
And I'll give X Y Z team one its own community land separate from the community Villon that I assigned
to ABC team one.
So let's go to VPN let's pick the secondary community via land that I created which I think it was 102.
And there we go.
So now I've established one single Valium villans hat with a bunch of secondary villans inside of it.
And each of those secondary villans has different types of behavior.
Promiscuous talks to anything it wants isolated.
They don't talk to anybody.
The only thing an isolated secondary Villon can talk to is a promiscuous secondary Viola.
And then I've got my two communities one community for ABC team one and one community for X Y Z team
one both of which can also communicate with my shared services.
So that's a quick look at how to create private villans and an example of a really basic use case where
private villans might make sense.